Hi guys, in this video I'm going to use
this water video hand
uh text to video to create 5 seconds
video with 12 VM graphic.
Okay, first thing first, open the cam
viewer.
Click right here and open it.
Okay, let's go to templates. I'm going
to use for this tutorial this model.
This one
video
1.5 T video this model. Okay. To use
this model you must download all of
them. How to download those files? Just
simply click to download
and downloading is begin. Or you can
copy the other and use the MDM.
Hit okay and start downloading. for me
download those files.
After downloading it with the EDM this
virus in the computer
go here
search for modus
after searching for modist let's begin
first one a queen 2.5 next
okay this queen 2.5 add right
Okay. Bite five small.
This one in place
the fusion model video
to model fusion model
simpler.
Okay. diffusion modulus.
This one
other diffusion model is
PI.
Okay.
video 15
FB 16.
This one
after that fusion model
the models
the fusion modus this one and right here
and the final one nothing like upscale
modus
one
uh up simpler where is up simpler this
I think it's stop
it's return here and reload the page.
Okay, this is the requirement to use
this model.
Okay, all mods are done. This texture
model behed
through this path as I showed you
previously.
Okay,
this is prompter.
Let's shoot this default prompt for you.
You can adjust this pro
by going to GPT. Okay, let's go to GPT.
Now let's take one.
I
don't
text.
Five seconds.
regular
and
therefore
this is the cloud. Okay, let's copy
this.
it here. Paste it.
Text run
this get
copy before it just sounds
for the leaf drip.
Make breakfast
and hide the same thing.
Don't
want one in one
equal to 5 seconds with
previous or
seven steps
or the steps make six
control after some bit fix it earlier.
Okay, think it's good.
Okay, let's run.
Okay, I think it's done.
to create uh this video using this model
video handon
text video. It takes around 8 minutes
using 12 ft ramp with the worst quality
with highest quality. You can adjust
right here.